(grand orchestral fanfare
playing)
♪ ♪
(sirens wailing)
(tires screeching)
(horn honks)
(barking)
CHIEF: Come in, Officer Knight
and Greg the Dog.
Do you copy?
OFFICER KNIGHT:
Oh, hey, Chief.
CHIEF: What?
No, no, no, no. No "Oh, hey."
Radio talk. It's "Roger."
OFFICER KNIGHT: Roger?
I thought this was the chief.
CHIEF:
This is the chief.
Did you find Petey the Cat?
OFFICER KNIGHT:
Not right now, Chief.
We're trying to find
Petey the Cat.
(tires squealing)
-Whoa!
-You crazy kid!
(barking)
-(worker yelps)
-Greg! Come on, little buddy.
(barks)
(munches, hums a tune)
(Greg gasps)
-(barks)
-(grunts)
-(horn blasting)
-(screams)
BOTH:
Whew.
(both yell)
(barking)
(bell clanging)
-(gasps) -(horn blaring)
-(tires squealing)
Whew.
(laughs)
Thanks, Greg, little buddy.
(laughing)
Where are you, Petey,
the World's Most Evilest Cat?
(rumbling, whooshing)
(cackling) Suckers.
It's him!
Greg the Dog, hit the siren.
(howling)
♪ ♪
(tires squealing)
(laughs)
(chuckles)
Greg, if something
happens to me,
take care of
my girlfriend Alice, will you?
-Mm-hmm.
-(engine revving)
-(exhales sharply)
-(Greg chattering)
You know I got you, buddy.
-Fam.
-(siren chirps)
-(engine roaring)
-(tires squeal)
♪ ♪
-(screaming)
-(Greg howling)
Yes!
(chuckling)
(screaming)
(grunts)
(siren blaring)
(grunting)
Officer Knight, it's the chief.
Can you hear me? Answer me!
(distorted siren warbling)
Typical. Typical!
Officer Knight here.
We're on the roof of the
Abandoned Expendable Warehouse.
Whoa! Over and out.
PETEY:
So long, suckers.
Won't have to worry
about you anymore.
-(Petey laughs)
-(beeping)
What's he talking abou...
(whimpers)
-It's a bomb!
-(gasps)
See? Officer Knight is
a tough cop
with kung fu skills,
but he's got no brains.
And Greg the Dog is smart,
but his body is his weakness.
These guys are nothing!
Yeah, but what if they
combine their skills?
(stammers, scoffs)
Well, I'll just make sure
that never happens.
These two are not gonna ruin
my evil plans
to take over the world!
-Um...
-What?!
Can I have tomorrow off?
-It's my mother's birth...
-You're fired!
There's a bomb up here.
Clear everyone out
of the warehouse.
-It's abandoned.
-Then they have to leave.
-There's no one here!
-I don't care.
-Get 'em out.
-(grunts in frustration)
Worst cop ever.
Uh, let's see. Green means go.
Red means not ripe.
Unless it's an apple.
A red apple's ripe.
I guess...
I guess red's usually ripe,
um, unless it's a lemon.
A-Are there any red lemons?
(growling)
(both growling)
Grr...
-Green? Green. Got it.
-(Greg gasps, whimpers)
-Wait, aren't dogs color-blind?
-(bomb beeping)
(thunder crashes)
(siren wailing)
This is Sarah Hatoff
standing outside
the Major Hospital in Town
in the rain
without an umbrella.
That's how serious this is.
What will be the fate
of Officer Knight
and Greg the Dog?
(thunder crashes)
(medical monitor beeping)
I'm sorry to say, Mr. Cop,
that your head is just
no good anymore.
OFFICER KNIGHT:
Bummer!
And your body is no good,
either, cop doggy.
(howls)
Oh! I've got an idea.
Oh, tell me, Nurse,
what's your idea?
What if we sew the dog's head
onto the man's body?
Great idea and stuff.
This is Sarah Hatoff
reporting live from
the Major Hospital in Town.
This just in:
It stopped raining.
And doctors and nurses
have successfully saved
Officer Knight and Greg the Dog
by creating...
♪ ♪
-...Dog Man!
-(crowd cheering)
♪ ♪
(barks)
This is Sarah Hatoff-- again--
reporting on
the incredible saga of Dog Man,
who has shown himself to be
nothing less than a "supa cop."
With me now,
the chief of police.
Chief, how has it been having
a supa cop like Dog Man
on the force?
-Hmm. Well...
-I mean, isn't he great?
-Uh, yes and... (growls)
-He's done so much
for the citizens of this town,
don't you think?
(microphone thumps)
-He's made friends.
-Aw.
-He's solved crimes.
-(growling) -(whimpering)
-Barked at a mailman.
-(barking)
-Plays piano for the old folks.
-(grunts)
And even pitched a no-hitter
at the charity softball game
for kids who got kicked out of
class and drew comics instead.
(crowd cheering)
And he did all that in one day.
(chief grunts in frustration)
He's just Dog Man, supa cop.
CHIEF:
"Dog Man, supa cop"?
Why is Dog Man
on the front page, Sarah, huh?
Why do you never report any of
the good stuff
that I'm doing, huh, Sarah?
If I'm gonna get on
a real network, Chief,
I got to report
the big stories.
And it's kind of a big story.
Well, guess what,
I'm a big story, Sarah.
Wh-What about that time
I-I did the thing
th-that was big
and everybody was
talking about it?
You know what
I'm talking about.
I'd have to look that up.
Yeah, you got to look it up.
Oh, oh, Flippy.
What about Flippy?
(humming a tune)
Oh, what about that time
I caught Flippy?
That story's literally
a dead fish.
A psychokinetic, evil fish.
-That's dead.
-Sarah, please, look.
Just-just give
me one little story.
For-for my mother.
Okay. She's dead, too.
She has very good hearing.
(grunts in frustration)
You drive me crazy,
Sarah Hatoff.
And it's not because I might be
secretly in love with you.
-What?
-What? I said, "Get out."
-Ugh. Come on, Zuzu.
-(barks)
-And no more of this.
-(scoffs)
Milly! Where is Dog Man anyway?
-I don't know.
-Well, find him.
(grunting)
(whimpers)
(gasps)
-(door creaks, bangs shut)
-(yelps)
(laughing)
(coughing)
♪ ♪
Get back here, you.
(yelps, grunts)
-Oh, yeah.
-(panting)
-(barks)
-Yeah, good boy.
That's a good boy.
-(screams)
-(yelps)
(laughs)
Oh, my gosh. You startled me.
Oh, I'm sorry,
but the open house
isn't until this afternoon.
I got to get this place
a little cleaned up.
The owner left so fast
with her new boyfriend.
Oh, and her new dog.
-(gasps)
-So cute.
-I love love stories. (laughs)
-(whines)
Her old boyfriend...
(whispers):
had a little accident.
Kaboom! She's all like,
"I'm not waiting around
for some half man, half dog."
(laughs)
Which, you know, I get.
I mean, can you imagine?
(laughs)
(groans) Um, uh, well,
uh, you-you know.
(chuckles nervously)
Hey, are you looking
for a house?
Here's a bunch of my listings.
Okay, now, get along,
little doggy... man.
-Dog Man, whatever you are.
-(gasps)
(grunting excitedly)
(panting)
Oh. Oh, you want the ball?
-(barks)
-Oh, okay.
Uh, I can do this.
-Go get it!
-(yelps)
(whines)
(barking)
(whimpers, barks)
-(whimpers)
-(siren chirping)
Aw. Tough day?
(Dog Man whimpering)
Yeah, Dog Man,
I know how you feel.
Like a lawn chair
in a hurricane.
Like a balloon
in a porcupine farm.
Like a winning lottery ticket
that you forgot to sign
and lost somewhere
at the market, and then
Anthony was all, "Where's that
lottery ticket, Milly?"
And you're all,
"I'm the one who bought it.
Why are you yelling at me?"
"I'm not yelling." And I'm all,
"Okay, Captain Foghorn!"
Ah, geez!
Kind of like that, right?
It's tough.
CHIEF (over radio):
Milly, have you found Dog Man?
-MILLY: Affirmative, Chief.
-CHIEF: Get him in here now!
-(gasps)
-We still got to find Petey.
(barks, growls)
PETEY:
Unbelievable!
I tried to get rid
of those two ding-dongs,
and instead I made a supa cop!
(growls)
I got to do something
to get rid of that Dog Man.
You're going down, Dog Man.
So down.
Oh, Dog Man, Dog Man, Dog...
(gasps) I got it.
What do dogs hate?
Uh, yeah, we're not doing this.
-You fired me.
-Oh, yeah.
But it doesn't mean
you can't answer.
Yeah, it does.
(growls)
Vacuum cleaners.
Dogs hate vacuum cleaners.
I'll build a huge, high-tech,
massively expensive
-vacuum cleaner.
-Yeah, okay.
Dogs also hate firecrackers,
and they're like five bucks.
Well, who asked you?
Literally, you did.
Like 30 seconds ago.
BT-dubs, you owe me a paycheck.
Evil villains
don't write paychecks.
The gold coins you gave me
were chocolate.
You get what you deserve!
(whimpers)
(yowls)
-(grunts)
-(toy squeaks)
(scoffs) Oh, please.
Nobody likes that Dog Man
anyway.
-MILLY: Dog Man's here.
-(others cheering)
(chief groaning)
Dog Man, get in here now!
(barking)
Aah! Dog Man!
(chuckles) I don't like this.
Stop! (laughs) Stop licking me!
Hey, stop! Get off me!
Okay, stop.
Look, look, listen up.
Look, you may get a lot
of attention around here
because you're smart
and you do kung fu
and you have visible stitches
on your neck,
but you work for me
and you do what I say.
-You understand?
-(grunts)
The last thing I need is
you messing up. You got it?
I mean, I get enough grief
from the mayor.
Petey, the World's
Most Evilest Cat,
escaping from jail
all the time.
-(growls)
-The mayor yelling at me
and making me look bad a-again,
and I just...
(sobbing):
I-I just... I'm-I'm trying!
Dog Man, I'm trying, you know?
(whimpers)
(sighs)
(Dog Man whimpering)
(chief sighs)
(chuckling)
-(barks)
-Huh?
Hey. No, no, no. (stammering)
Stop! Will you get out of here?
Go and arrest Petey,
and I don't care
if it takes a montage.
This is Sarah Hatoff,
bringing you the "Dog Man
arrests Petey" montage.
Here with my cameraman, Seamus.
Yes, that's right, Sarah.
But Petey isn't just going
to wait around to get arrested.
-He's going to fight back.
-(sniffing)
PETEY:
Ha ha!
(growling)
♪ ♪
SEAMUS: Petey's first attack:
a giant vacuum cleaner.
(Petey chuckling)
(Petey whooping)
(people yelling)
Oh, my. You don't want
a vacuum in the ocean.
Brah, "cerealously"?
PETEY:
Hey, no fair! I can't swim!
I'd say this approach sucks,
but that would be
some inappropriate language.
Huh? (grunting unsteadily)
(grunts)
(screams)
(screaming)
♪ ♪
Hey, you saved me.
I just got to say...
-Rats!
-There go the handcuffs.
And there goes Petey.
BOTH:
Straight to Cat Jail.
Hey, hey, Petey.
-Shut it, Big Jim.
-(groans)
Hey, Big Jim.
Sorry I was mean.
Kinda. Hey, let's play.
Okay. (laughs)
(grunts)
So long, suckers! (laughs)
-(phone rings)
-Petey escaped again.
Again?
Then Petey tried
the Make No Bones 2000.
-(laughs)
-(gasping, yelping)
(grunts, laughs)
(gasps) No!
-Rats!
-There go the handcuffs.
And there goes Petey,
straight to Cat...
Hey, hey, Petey.
Shut it, Big Jim.
Check it out.
The warden gave me balloons
for my birthday.
Here you go, Mr. Whiskers.
-Respect.
-Here, Petey.
-(laughs)
-Hey!
So long, suckers!
-Petey escaped again!
-Again?
SARAH: Now we hit the part
where it all speeds up.
SEAMUS:
Right you are, Sarah.
SARAH:
The Love It or Leash It 2000.
-There go the...
-SEAMUS: Straight to...
-Escaped!
-Again?
SARAH: Then Petey tried
the Crate Expectations 2000.
-There go the...
-SEAMUS: Straight to...
-Escaped!
-Again?!
SEAMUS:
The Butt Sniffer 2000.
Aah! Don't show that one.
(sighs)
Well, good job, Dog Man.
(panting)
Ha ha.
Funny.
(groans) Cut it out.
Stop it.
I said, "Stop it."
(grunting)
(whines)
(yells in frustration)
(chuckling):
Oh, all right.
I get it. You want to play.
(chuckles) Go get it!
(laughing)
I got you!
You should see your face.
(laughing):
Oh, Dog Man.
(yells, sobs)
All right, that's it.
(Dog Man whines)
(gasps)
Oh. Oh, Mayor.
-Petey escaped again.
-Again?
Again!
Yeah, that's why
I said "again" again.
Yet again! I have had it.
Dog Man has got to go!
-(whimpers)
-CHIEF: What?
Listen, Mayor,
d-don't you think
the problem might be
at Cat Jail?
Excuse me? Are you saying
my brother is bad
-at running Cat Jail?
-Your brother?
I want Dog Man off
the Petey case.
(gasps)
And I want Petey captured.
Capisce?
(whimpers)
That's English for "ASAP."
Wait, wait, wait, Mayor.
Dog Man is the champ
of catching Petey.
That's not fair.
Oh, that's not fair?
(mocking):
"That's not fair."
Here, call this number.
-(phone rings)
-Life's not fair.
-CHIEF: What?
CHIEF:
What?
Dog Man is off the case!
Ew.
(both gasp)
(grunting)
(mayor shouting frantically)
Just give him
something dumb to do. (grunts)
Oh, I know. Like your job.
-(whines)
-Dog Man.
Oh, no, you don't! (grunts)
(groans, sighs)
Sorry, Dog Man.
Y-You're off the case.
(whimpers)
You're my best cop.
We'll figure it out.
♪ ♪
Oh. Mmm.
(insects chirring)
(grunts)
-(bicycle bell dings)
-(thud)
(gasps)
("I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry"
by Hank Williams playing)
-(howling along to music)
-♪ Hear that lonesome ♪
♪ Whippoorwill ♪
♪ He sounds too blue to fly ♪
♪ The midnight train ♪
♪ Is whining low ♪
♪ I'm so lonesome I could cry ♪
♪ The silence of ♪
♪ A falling star ♪
-♪ Lights up a purple sky ♪
-(howling stops)
♪ And as I wonder ♪
♪ Where you are ♪
♪ I'm so lonesome
I could cry. ♪
-(long, mournful howl)
-(song ends)
(howl fades into wailing siren)
(chuckling)
(chuckles)
They'll never find me here.
(groans)
This place is a mess.
-Hello.
-(shouts)
Oh, good. You're back.
-Clean this place up.
-Nah.
-(Petey stammers)
-Luckily, you fired me.
Just forgot my phone charger.
Fine. Fine.
I can get anybody
to work for me.
Ha! The only person who could
stand working for you is you.
BT-dubs, you still
owe me a paycheck.
Oh, I sent you your money.
Puka shells are not money!
Whatever! (groans)
(mocking): "The only person
who could stand
working for you is you."
Wait.
That's it!
I need someone
who thinks like me,
who acts like me, who has
a wretched soul like me.
(echoing):
I need another me.
Air fryer, no. Air fryer, no.
Air fryer, no.
Air fryer, air fryer,
air fryer, no.
Air fryer... (gasps)
Cloning machine.
(laughs)
Yes!
♪ I can buy myself flowers ♪
-(cell phone vibrating)
-♪ Write my name in the... ♪
CHIEF (over phone):
Dog Man, this is the chief.
(barking)
(groans, grunts) Dog Man!
-(groans)
-(panting)
Look, I-I know you want to be
going after Petey...
(barking)
...but I got another job
for you.
(barks)
So get down here ASAP!
-No! Stop it! Stop it! Okay!
-(barking excitedly)
All right. Okay, stop.
Now it's in my mouth. (grunts)
Why do you always
got to lick the...
(spits, groans)
...inside of my mouth?
(whines "I don't know")
-Listen up.
-(whines)
Do you remember Flippy,
the fish you gave me
for my birthday
that ate way too many
brain dots and got super smart
with psychokinetic power and
robbed all those pets stores
for their plastic fish tank
treasure chests
because he thought
it was real money
and ended up freezing to death
in a fishbowl
high up on the mountain
before you got to roll around
with him and crush him
because you like to roll around
with dead fish?
-(whines affirmatively)
-All right, good,
'cause I don't think
I can say that again.
Here he is-- Flippy.
(growling)
-Dog Man, stop it.
He's dead, okay? -(barking)
I thought you got that
from my presentation.
-(whines)
-(chief groans)
Anyways, the geniuses
at the Supa Awesome
Science Center Ova There
want to study his dead brain
because of all
the mental powers and stuff.
So I want you to guard
that fish. Oh, Dog Man!
Dog Man, no! No!
Stop! Stop it! Bad dog!
-(whimpering)
-(groans)
How are we gonna fix this?
We have rebuilt Flippy
with titanium bones
and made him into
a psychokinetic super mecha
but still dead Flippy
that we can study
for his incredible
brain powers.
Here's a video all about it
that my daughter made
for her fifth-grade
filmmaking class.
♪ I'm about to break it down,
down, down, yeah ♪
♪ Watch me hit my moves ♪
♪ You can't do it
like I do, yeah ♪
♪ I'm about to break it... ♪
(chuckles) Cute.
All right, Dog Man.
Let's see what's next for you.
(laughs)
The Make No Bones 2000,
negative.
The Love It or Leash It 2000,
strike it through.
The Crate Expectations 2000,
ixnay.
The Butt Sniffer 2000...
(makes buzzer sound)
All right, what do we got?
Huh?
(stammering,
grunting in frustration)
(sighs, groans)
I need a new idea... 2000.
And that concludes
my presentation.
Uh, let's see. Any questions?
(sighs) Um... let's see.
Uh... yes, Sarah.
Sarah Hatoff here
from Live Breaking News Live.
Just one question, Doctor:
Isn't rebuilding
a psychokinetic evil fish
dangerous?
Well, I-I suppose Flippy
could be extra dangerous
now that he is super and mecha.
And psychokinetic.
-And psychokinetic.
-Huh?
But he couldn't come to life
unless someone stole him
and flew over
the Living Spray Factory
and dropped him
in the smokestack
where he might puncture
a Living Spray gas tank
and be rendered alive.
-What?
-But who would do that?
Me. Brilliant idea.
My next plan
to take down Dog Man.
You're on thin ice, Dog Man,
so don't mess this up.
Now, sit.
Stay.
(chair squeaking)
You only have one job to do.
Keep your eyes
on those monitors.
So, if somebody breaks out
your favorite chew toy
and waves it around...
(squeaks)
...you... you look
at the monitors!
And if somebody has a juicy
and delicious treat...
-(whines, pants) -...you're not
going to look at it.
You...
you look at the monitors!
And if somebody just happens to
have an eastern gray squirrel,
you...
(whining)
-(barking viciously)
-Aah! No!
Dog Man, just sit here
and don't mess this up,
or you'll lose your job.
(gasps)
Huh?
(grunting)
-(yelping, whining)
-(whirring, beeping)
-(buzzing)
-(rapid clicking, whirring)
(elevator bell chimes)
-(growls)
-(whirring)
(alarm ringing)
♪ ♪
Dog Man, we heard the alarm.
-(barking)
-PETEY: Ha ha!
(people gasping)
(gasps)
(laughs)
-Petey.
-(barking)
(Petey laughs)
(barks, whines)
(barks)
Brilliant.
Uh, Seamus,
are you sure about that?
Oh, jeemus jahonus, Sarah.
How hard can it be?
(grunting)
(whimpers)
Okay, that's left.
Ah, here we go.
(Dog Man groans)
♪ ♪
(growling)
(barking)
(cackling)
CHIEF:
Don't mess this up,
or you'll lose your job.
(whimpers)
Dog Man, I just heard
Flippy was stolen.
Great. You managed
to disappoint me,
the mayor and the scientist
over at the Supa Awesome
Science Center Ova There.
(sniffling, whimpering)
Did you see the perpetrator
who stole that fish?
(grunts)
(Petey laughing)
Once I've reprogrammed
this fish...
-(grunting)
-(toy squeaks)
...he'll take care
of Dog Man for me.
We just crank up
the evil power.
(whirring)
-(buzzing)
-Huh. Evil is maxed out?
(chuckling):
Oh.
You're a bad fish, my friend.
-(knuckles crack)
-Let's get more specific
with all that evil.
Destroy Dog Man.
No, no. Wait. Wait, wait.
Destroy all do-gooders.
Yes. Destroy all do-gooders.
COMPUTER VOICE:
Destroy all do-gooders.
Ha ha!
-(chuckling)
-(doorbell rings)
Huh?
My cloning machine!
Oh, jeemus jahonus, Sarah.
How hard can it be?
(Dog Man grunting)
(chief laughing)
Pretty funny, Dog Man,
but look, we don't have time.
(Dog Man barks)
-(gasps) It's Petey.
-(Dog Man growling)
It-it's Petey. You found Petey.
Good dog.
-(barking)
-Get off! Not now!
-Milly!
-Chief?
Who's around to help out?
Everybody's busy, Chief.
It's quiet.
Like a frozen lake in winter.
Like dinnertime on the moon.
Like when Anthony fell asleep
on his fishing boat
and yells to the dock,
"Why did you untie my boat?"
And I'm like,
"Me? It's not my fault
you can't tie a knot,
Captain Stubing."
-And I'm all like... (grunts)
-Okay, okay.
(grunting)
Help has arrived.
"Step one: Insert DNA
into the DNA chute."
(yelps, groans)
"Step two: Press start button."
(whirring, burbling)
(crackling, beeping)
(chuckling)
(bell dings)
"Step three: Open door
to retrieve your clone."
(laughs) Yeah.
Uh...
(stammers) What?
"Step four: Wait 18 years for
your clone to reach adulthood"?
What? 18 years? No!
"If you make a mistake,
hit the 'undo' button.
Sold separately."
Sold separately? No!
Whew.
LI'L PETEY:
Papa?
What? Huh?
(gasps)
Papa.
-Who you talking to?
-Papa.
Papa? No, I am not your papa.
You are my clone.
(crying)
I want my whisker back.
(crying continues)
I want my money back!
I want my life back!
Look, Dog Man,
the mayor will have a cow
if she knows about this, but...
Check this out.
If Petey's got the fish
and you're going for the fish
and you just might
accidentally,
on purpose but didn't mean to,
but it just went down that way,
catch Petey...
(Dog Man whines)
You find the fish,
you find the cat.
(growling)
I mean, what's the mayor
gonna say? "That's not fair"?
Life's not fair.
-(laughs) Right?
-(barking)
Hey, Dog Man, stop.
Dog Man, stop, stop, stop.
Look, Dog Man, look.
Are you ready?
Good.
Let's do this.
Okay. Listen up.
You're my clone, which means
evil runs through your veins.
-Okay.
-You are destined
-to be a villain.
-Ooh.
-Is that fun?
-So much fun.
-Yay!
-Of course,
fun surrounded by, you know,
miserable suffering,
loneliness and, like,
zero appreciation.
-I mean zero.
-(laughing)
Do you even know
what I'm saying?
No, but it sounds fun.
I want to be miserable, too.
Good. That's the spirit.
Now, I got to go do something.
-You stay put.
-Why?
-Because you can't come.
Because it's serious business
and you're not ready yet.
-Why?
-(growls)
♪ ♪
(startled grunt)
I said you can't go.
-Why?
-(groans)
Fine, but no talking.
Do you have a car seat?
-A what?
-A kid's car seat?
You're a cloned cat sitting
in a flying mechanical bug.
They don't make
a car seat for that.
LI'L PETEY:
Okay, Papa.
PETEY:
Stop calling me Papa.
LI'L PETEY:
Okay.
-Papa.
-(groans)
-I made you a book.
-What?
Will you just hold on
and be quiet?
-I need to go potty.
-Why?
'Cause I need to.
No, not "why." I know why.
Sheesh. Just hold it.
There it is,
the Living Spray Factory.
Just a little closer.
(laughing)
Ooh, what do these buttons do?
-Pretty.
-Don't touch any...
(yells)
-(Petey yelling)
-LI'L PETEY: Woo-hoo!
(grunts)
(gasps)
You almost got me killed...!
Oh, no!
Aah! It's stuck!
Oh, great. Look what you did.
It went down the wrong pipe,
and it's stuck.
What is with you?
I'm miserable.
(groans)
Look, I don't need a kid.
I didn't ask for a kid.
I don't want a kid!
I got my own stuff to do,
and it's important.
And when I say, "Don't touch
that button," you...
-(screaming)
-(Li'l Petey laughing)
Shh.
Shh, shh!
No, hey. Shh.
Shh!
If you're gonna catch
that cat... (laughs)
you're gonna need
my special gear.
-(whines)
-Mm-hmm.
(grunts, chuckles)
All right, come on. Get in.
Ugh.
-Come here.
-(yelps)
♪ ♪
(clunking, hissing)
(grunting)
(chuckles) Oh, yeah.
Okay, you put the little part--
this end, right?--
up to your eyes, and then
the stuff that's far away
will look really big, right?
Yeah, you get it.
PETEY:
All right, kid.
-Get in.
-Why?
Just get in.
We're gonna play a little game.
Ooh. I hope it's "Miserable."
It's called... (gasps)
the "New Home" game.
This is just for pretend,
right?
Of course.
Ooh, a free kitty.
How much does he cost?
Uh, free.
(groans)
But I only have a dollar.
A dollar? (groans)
Can I get change?
-(Petey sighs)
-Thank you.
-What's your name?
-He doesn't have one.
Yes, I do. I'm Li'l Petey.
I think I'll call you Snowball.
I think I'll call you
Poo-Poo Head.
What? (gasps)
How rude!
Here's your money back.
(groans)
I got to go potty.
-Again?
-I didn't go last time.
-Wait, maybe I did.
-(groans)
-No, I still got to go.
-What is wrong with people?
(mocking):
"How much is the free kitty?"
I don't know. Maybe it's free.
I mean, it says it
right on the... box.
Hey. Little cat?
Uh, little dude?
Hmm.
♪ ♪
Mm. (chuckles)
(Petey laughs)
Papa?
Papa.
Papa!
Papa?
Papa.
Papa!
(growls, barks)
(distant barking)
♪ ♪
Don't worry.
-It'll be okay.
-Hmm?
(barks softly)
Good night, little crate.
Don't be afraid.
(whooshing)
(growls)
(truck horn blasting)
(horn blasts)
(yelps, whines)
(barks)
(horn blasting)
(sniffing)
♪ ♪
(barks softly)
(panting)
(lock clicking)
♪ ♪
-Is that your house?
-Mm-hmm.
Wow. It looks bigger
on the inside.
-(barks softly)
-(Li'l Petey yawning)
-Is this where you sleep?
-Mm.
(grunts)
(yawns)
Can you read me a story?
(growls)
(barking)
(Li'l Petey snoring softly)
♪ ♪
(Li'l Petey purring)
(laughs)
Yep, solved that problem.
No more little kid.
So now we can get back
to destroying Dog Man!
Huh?
"Papa and Me" by Li'l Petey.
(scoffs)
All right.
"To Papa.
Papa and me are in the air.
"It rained, and Papa and me
went into the lab.
Look at Papa's new invention."
"Papa and me think
the same thing."
Ugh. (sighs)
(munching loudly)
(grunts)
(whines)
(playing random chords)
(plays rhythmic chords)
(playing melody)
(playing in harmony)
(Li'l Petey chuckles)
(playing lively jazz melody)
(playing in harmony)
(continue playing lively melody
in harmony)
(glissando plays on piano)
(lively melody continues)
(rhythmic clapping)
(Li'l Petey laughing)
♪ ♪
(barks)
(Li'l Petey chuckles)
(gasps)
Aw, Dog Man's got a friend.
(sniffles)
Huh?
♪ ♪
(lively melody continues
on piano)
(laughing)
(barking)
(Li'l Petey snoring softly)
(phone rings)
CHIEF:
Dog Man, it's the chief.
Who still has
an answering machine?
Look, look. What is going on
with Petey, huh?
Get back at me. It's important.
-Don't forget what's important.
-(machine clicks, beeps)
♪ ♪
(insects chirring)
(squirrel chittering)
(alarm blaring)
ROCCO: Janet?
Janet, what's that noise?
Pressure's building
in the tanks.
Something's clogging
the not-a-smokestack.
What?
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Pressure supa high.
-(grunts, screams)
-JANET: Oh, no! Oh, no!
Rocco!
(laughs) Gotcha.
Ugh. "Cerealously"?
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Pressure supa high.
What? Huh?
(machinery clanking, hissing)
JANET:
Whew. That was it.
(rattling, whirring)
-(bell rings)
-(both sigh in relief)
(crackling)
(laughs)
At last!
Huh.
(grunts, groans)
Oh. Right.
(whirring)
(clanking, beeping)
(sighs)
Yes!
My 80 Hexotron Droid-Formigon
is complete.
-(laughs)
-Hello.
(screams)
(groans) You're back.
Finally came to your senses.
No, I came to annoy you.
Behold.
PETEY:
What? I don't...
So what?
Dog Man?
What? Dog Man?!
(growls)
-(chuckles)
-(groans)
Oh, yeah. You still owe me.
I paid you.
Bottle caps are not money!
(groans) My clone with Dog Man?
(groans)
Oh, change of plans.
I need you to scan this
and find the kid who made it.
(whirring, bell dings)
Well?
Unbelievable.
(groans)
Well, don't just stand there.
Go. Go, go, go, go get him.
Oh, hi, Papa.
(yawns) What you doing?
Getting you out of here
is what.
How'd you find me?
That's 80HD.
He can find anybody. Come on.
Hey, Papa.
Look at this cute flowers.
-Those are weeds.
-Oh.
Hey, Papa.
Look at the pretty river.
It's polluted.
Oh.
Hey, Papa.
Look at all the twinkly stars.
Hey, you're standing in mud.
-(chuckles)
-Sheesh.
That Dog Man's got you thinking
the whole world is just
rainbows and unicorns
and lollipops.
Ooh, lollipops. Hey.
What about Dog Man?
Oh, don't you worry.
I got a special plan
to take care of Dog Man.
The Squirrel Shooter 2000.
(laughs)
Fun. Dog Man likes
to chase squirrels.
Yeah, I'm kind of
counting on that. (chuckles)
Time for bed.
-(night bird hooting)
-(distant siren wails)
(snoring)
(whining)
This is my room.
And this is yours.
(water drips)
I'm sleeping with you.
-No, you're not.
-Yes, I am.
No, you're not.
-No, you're not!
-Yes, I am.
-(groans)
You're not sleeping with me,
and that's final.
(pained grunting)
(groans)
Yes, I am.
(stammers, groans)
(groans, sighs)
Look, little guy...
(yelps, sighs)
I want to give you the support
and guidance you need
to be mean
and rotten-hearted like me.
When I was a kid, my pop
didn't do anything for me.
He got a truck,
he took all our stuff,
and then he left
me and my mom all alone.
-He did?
-Yep.
I never saw him again.
♪ ♪
(Li'l Petey hums gently)
(sighs) How come I made you
but you're not like me?
Maybe I am, but you just
don't like that part.
(groans)
Oh, I know.
Let's go find your papa.
Maybe he's changed.
Maybe he's sorry.
Look, I know you think
everybody is a good guy
deep down inside,
but that's just not reality.
The world's a horrible place.
It's mostly misery
and selfishness out there.
That's reality.
I'm sleeping with you.
No, you're...
(snoring)
(gasping)
(yelping)
(groans)
(grunting)
(yelping)
(yelps, whimpers)
(groans)
(whimpers)
(panicked gasping)
(groans softly)
♪ ♪
(whispering indistinctly)
-(whirring)
-(giggling)
(dial-up modem warbling)
(computer beeping)
When you find my grampa,
bring him back here, okay?
(birds chirping)
(howling)
(cell phone ringing)
-Hey, Dog Man.
-(howling)
-How's it going?
-Ruff!
I'll be right over.
(Dog Man barks)
Dog Man, what happened?
(Sarah scatting news theme)
-SEAMUS: Sarah!
-(clears throat)
Yes. Sarah Hatoff here,
reporting live
from Dog Man's house.
Have you seen this cat?
He disappeared overnight.
Dog Man, wait! Wait up!
(barking, howling)
Where, oh, where
has this little cat gone?
Where would you find
a little kitty?
-(barking)
-Oh, of course.
(tires squealing)
-Yarn Yurt.
-(barking)
(panting)
(clamoring inside store)
(barking)
Mice & Cheese-y? Good idea.
(clamoring inside store)
-Nothing?
-(growls)
(mice squeaking)
What about
The Indifferent Shop?
"Go away or not.
I don't care." Hmm.
Chuckie's Things You Chuck?
Laser Pointer Palace?
Cozy Cat Carpet Club?
Kibble McNibble?
Hot Tin Woof? Ears for Fears?
(rapid, indistinct chattering)
Uh...
(grunts, clears throat)
We've checked all over town.
We found nothing.
Well, except in the sandbox.
-(Petey chuckles)
-Ew.
So, if you see this cat,
please return him to Dog Man.
PETEY:
My clone?
Return him to Dog Man? Ha!
Well, you can't return him
to Dog Man
if there is no Dog Man.
(laughs)
-(doorbell rings)
-LI'L PETEY: Doorbell.
Hmm?
MALE VOICE:
Wha... Hey!
(grunting, grumbling)
You metal...
What-what are you...
Put me down,
you nincompoopsicle.
(grunts)
(gasps, groans)
-(grunting)
-(Li'l Petey chuckles)
(stammers)
Petey?
I'm not Petey.
I'm Li'l Petey, your grandson.
You got a lot of nose hairs.
What? Well, you got a head
like a water buffalo.
-(laughs)
-PETEY: Dad?
Huh?
♪ ♪
Son?
Is... is all this yours?
Yeah.
Well, don't quit your day job.
Say, what do you got to eat
around here, huh?
Where's the food in this dump?
(dishes clattering, shattering)
You shouldn't put the dishes
up so high.
Why did you bring him here?
(groans)
I'm sorry, Papa. I just wanted
you to have your papa back.
My papa? My pa...
That guy abandoned me.
Do you have any idea
what that feels like?
Yes.
And I forgave you.
GRAMPA: Where do you keep
the air fryer?
-(clattering)
-Oh, that one hit me.
JANET: You think someone
stole this thing,
flew over
the Living Spray Factory
and dropped him
in the not-a-smokestack,
hoping he would come to life?
Like that would ever happen.
Chuck it.
Hey! Two points!
Denied.
(chuckling):
Oh, yeah. Uh-huh.
-Dude.
-(laughing)
(creaking, whooshing)
BOTH:
The Living Spray! Run!
JANET:
Go, go!
(grunting)
Oh! (laughs)
The Living Spray
has brought me back to life.
Now I'm quite ready
to use my evil to...
(computerized voice):
destroy all do-gooders.
(normal voice):
Which, for some reason,
I'm now compelled to do.
Weird, innit?
(laughing)
-Oh. (gasps)
-(rumbling)
(gasps) Woo-hoo!
The entire factory
is coming to life.
(laughs) Come on.
Arise, my beastly building.
Arise!
(deep creaking)
-(roars)
-(thunder crashing)
FLIPPY:
Yes. Come on.
(laughing)
Gooba gabba.
(grunts)
Come on, get up.
-Get up.
-(grunting)
(steam toots)
(yelps)
(roars)
Are you with me, building?
Gooba gabba.
What is that?
Is that a yes or...
Gooba gabba.
Okay, then.
Let us...
(computerized voice):
destroy all do-gooders.
-(laughing)
-(people screaming)
(Living Spray Factory grunting)
Gooba gabba.
(chuckles) I'm gonna get you
once and for all, Dog Man.
You love squirrels so much,
fetch this.
-LI'L PETEY: Hey, Papa.
-(yelps)
Where are you going, Papa?
Oh. I am, uh,
gonna go get some milk.
But we have lots of milk.
Yeah, except your milk decided
to spill all over the floor.
-(Li'l Petey chuckles)
-(groans)
Let me guess.
You're the smart one...
...and he's the mooch
riding on your coattails.
Why don't you mind
your own beeswax, Dad?
(laughing):
What are you gonna do? Cry?
Like in the old days?
"Wah, wah, wah"?
-(groans)
-(Grampa laughing)
You shouldn't say that, Grampa.
What? Why? What do you care?
He's my papa.
I love him.
GRAMPA (laughing):
Love?
Like I feel something.
Love isn't just
something you feel, Grampa.
Love is something you do.
All right, all right,
all right.
I didn't ask for
your life story, Jabber Jaw.
Everybody around here is just
a big fussbudget around here.
(voice fading): Everybody's
going around being...
Look, I got to do something.
You stay here with 80HD.
(grunts) But...
Do not leave. Do not follow.
I got to do what I got to do.
Get milk.
Right. Right.
Milk.
I'm a cat.
-Milk.
-(engine rumbling)
SARAH:
Li'l Petey!
Li'l Petey?
(whimpering)
Dog Man, are you okay?
(exhales)
♪ ♪
Come on.
We got to keep going.
(wind whistling softly)
Look, I know you're sad.
You feel like
you've lost a lot.
When I was a kid,
I lost someone, too.
My gerbil, Colonel Kurtz.
(voice trembling):
It was really hard for me.
(crying):
I missed his sharp, tiny teeth
and his sad little beady eyes.
(sniffling)
But I learned something
really important.
Gerbils can be mean.
(sobbing)
And you've got to keep going.
(chuckles)
That's right.
We're gonna keep going.
-(rumbling)
-(horn blasting)
-Oh, Dog Man!
-(people screaming)
(laughs)
-Um, I mean keep going.
-(growling)
Oh, wait, seriously,
keep going.
Seamus!
-(whimpering)
-PETEY: Dog Man!
(barks)
(laughs)
At last, the final showdown.
(growls)
Oh, do you like
chasing squirrels?
Do you? Huh?
-Squirrels? Huh?
-(barking, panting)
Okay, here it comes.
Dog Man, no!
-(Dog Man yelps)
-(Sarah screams)
For the love of Pete!
Mechanical exploding squirrels?
How evil can one cat be?
Pretty evil. (laughs)
(growls)
♪ ♪
-(laughs)
-(growls)
(both whimper)
-PETEY: Buckle up.
-(engine whooshing)
(yelps, pants)
(laughs)
(laughs) Oh...
(computerized voice):
do-gooders.
(normal voice):
Where are you...
(computerized voice):
do-gooders?
Gooba gabba.
(whimpering, grunting)
(barks, gasps)
(yelping)
(howls)
(screaming)
(whimpers)
(tires squealing)
(gasps)
They're up on that giant gyro.
Yo, it's a cheesesteak.
This is Sarah Hatoff downtown,
where Dog Man...
Dog Man?
...has successfully caught up
-with Petey the Cat...
-Papa. -(snoring)
...after a wild chase
ending in a giant gyro.
It's a cheesesteak.
-Correction: cheesesteak.
-Wha...?
Dog Man may finally
have a chance
to make the arrest
and keep his job.
Oh, really?
Last chance, Dog Man.
-(grunts) What?
-(alarm blaring)
"Stuck in cheesesteak"?
Rats.
(grunts, gasps)
Rats!
Well, it looks like Dog Man
has just cornered Petey,
the World's Most Evilest Cat.
Dog Man!
(gasps) Li'l Petey.
(barking, panting)
What are you doing
with my papa?
(gasps, grunts in confusion)
How did you not put that one
together, Dog Man, huh?
(laughs) What you gonna do,
arrest me in front of my clone?
Or, uh, like, my child?
-Your little buddy?
-(whimpers)
Incredible twist here downtown.
Li'l Petey is actually
Petey's son
in a coincidence so obvious
it's not really a coincidence.
-What's Dog Man to do?
-Arrest him!
-Let him go.
No, wait. Arrest him.
I miss him.
Come on, let me go.
He ditched you for me.
LI'L PETEY:
No, I didn't.
Dog Man,
I am your friend, really.
You can't be friends
with this... this do-gooder.
-(whooshing)
-FLIPPY: Do-gooder?
-Wha...?
-Did someone say "do-gooder"?
Flippy?
-Flippy! Ha!
-(growling)
My plan worked.
Gooba gabba.
And you brought a friend.
Oh, you're in for it now,
Dog Man,
because I programmed that fish
-to destroy do-gooders.
-(growls)
(computerized voice):
Destroy all do-gooders.
Say bye-bye, Dog Man.
(whimpering)
Wh-What?
Wh-Wh-Wh-Whoa.
Wait, wait.
Wh-What are you doing?
No, Flippy! Wait.
-Dog Man? Papa?
-SARAH: Oh, no!
No! No, no, no, no, no. No.
Not Li'l Petey. (grunts)
-(Flippy laughing)
-(Li'l Petey screams)
Papa!
(howling)
Hey, no!
-(echoing): Dog Man.
-(Flippy laughing)
Li'l Petey.
Oh, no! Dog Man!
(grunting)
(gasps)
(barking)
LIVING SPRAY FACTORY:
Gooba gabba.
-PETEY: Dog Man.
-(grunts)
Come on.
(growling)
Dog Man, listen.
We can go after
Li'l Petey together.
I programmed Flippy
to destroy all do-gooders,
and I'm no do-gooder.
-You need me.
-(growling)
Look, you can arrest me later.
I promise.
(groans)
(barks)
Partners?
-(Petey groans)
-(siren blaring)
♪ ♪
ANNOUNCER:
Hero dog, evil cat.
-♪ Working together ♪
-How 'bout that?
-♪ All Fur One. ♪
-ANNOUNCER 2: In color.
(groans) What was that?
(people screaming)
-(Petey and Dog Man screaming)
-Gooba gabba.
(both panting)
Oh, great. Now we're supposed
to beat a giant building?
What's the toughest,
scariest thing
we could fight them with?
(barking)
-A mailman?
-(Dog Man growling)
Seriously?
Wait, I got it.
Come on!
SINGER: ♪ Yeah, yeah, here's
a montage that's so fast ♪
♪ We can't really show you
what it is ♪
♪ The end. ♪
(laughing)
Put me down!
(mocking):
"Put me down."
-(laughs)
-(whimpers)
I could destroy you right now,
but... idea-- brilliant--
you might be a rather effective
piece of bait
for the other do-gooders.
Let's see if they can find you
before the ticking clock
runs out, shall we?
What happens then?
Ah.
Uh, well, uh, nothing,
if I'm being totally honest.
I just thought we needed
a ticking clock.
-(glass shatters, tires squeal)
-My bad.
Right, so now we simply
wait for a...
PETEY:
Special delivery!
♪ ♪
From the Mecha Mailman 2000.
-Wha...?
-Hit it, Dog Man.
(barks, grunts)
Now, hand over that little cat.
Oh. (laughs)
Okay. No.
Now, my beastly building,
arise and attack.
Gooba gabba.
(people screaming)
♪ ♪
Whoa!
(roars)
Whoa.
-(whimpers)
-(gasps)
Flippy is on a rampage,
and it looks like he's getting
a lot of help.
Milly, we have an emergency!
MILLY: Extra toilet paper
in the closet, Chief.
Not that!
But good to know.
-(grunting)
-PETEY: Aah! No, no, no.
-(yelps)
-Yes.
(barks)
(yells)
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Not the suplex!
(yells, grunts)
LI'L PETEY:
Papa, help!
(Dog Man barking)
(Flippy laughs)
-Whoa!
-(Dog Man barking)
Li'l Petey!
Get away from him, you fish!
(Li'l Petey yelps)
(shouts, groans)
(yelps)
PETEY:
He's free.
-Run, Li'l Petey, run! Run!
-(Dog Man howls)
(rumbling)
(Dog Man gasps)
Gooba gabba.
(Dog Man and Petey whimper)
BOTH:
Gooba gabba.
BUILDINGS:
Gooba gab... Meh.
Gooba gabba.
(electronic dance music
playing)
BUILDINGS:
Gooba gabba.
Hey, I can see
my house from here.
Gooba gabba.
Large buildings
are coming to life
and destroying the city.
-(siren blaring)
-(tires squealing)
-(siren stops)
-(grunting)
Everyone... (grunting)
Everyone needs to clear out.
It is not safe here.
-That means you, Sarah.
-What?
And I'm not just saying that
because I'm in love with you.
(gasps) You just
said that on live TV.
Aw.
All right, fine.
I-I'm in love with you,
Sarah Hatoff.
I said it.
Now, get out of here.
If you think I'm leaving
the biggest story of my life,
you're an even bigger idiot
than the one I'm in love with.
(gasps)
You just said that on live TV.
-Ugh. Fine.
-Fine.
-Fine!
Fine!
-(people screaming)
-(Flippy laughs)
And now, my beautiful army,
destroy them.
-BUILDINGS: Gooba gabba.
-(growls)
Gooba gabba. Gooba gabba.
(growling)
♪ ♪
PETEY:
Whoa!
(building growling)
(roars)
(Dog Man growling)
(groans)
Gooba gabba.
(gasps)
Oh, no.
-(Petey shouting)
-(Dog Man whimpering)
(groans)
PETEY:
Whoa!
(panting)
Grampa, Papa's in trouble.
Oh, I'll get right on that.
80HD, Papa's in trouble.
Cool.
Oopsies.
Yeah! Oh!
(whooshing)
(Petey grunting)
Looks bad, Dog Man.
We've only been partners
for like six minutes,
but it's been real.
I've matured and I respect you,
even if I'm only saying that
for dramatic impact
and I'm actually still evil
and rotten inside.
(groans)
SARAH:
Dog Man?
Dog Man.
(panting excitedly)
Wha... (spitting)
(groans) Not in the mouth.
-Petey, look.
-Hold on, hold on.
I know you need to arrest me
for escaping from Cat Jail...
(rumbling)
...but there are buildings
causing mayhem out there.
They're destroying the city.
Things can't possibly
get any worse.
MILLY (over walkie-talkie):
Chief, turns out we actually
-are out of toilet paper.
-(gasps)
(screaming)
♪ ♪
-(all screaming)
-(Dog Man howling)
(alarm beeping)
(grunts) We're trapped.
-(building roaring)
-(Flippy laughs)
-(grunting)
-(barking)
What?
(whines)
(laughs) Good dog.
-(yelps, pants)
-(stammers)
No, stop. Not now. Not now.
Yes. Finish them.
(laughs)
-Everyone, follow Dog Man.
-PETEY: Me first.
(laughs, grunts viciously)
(rumbling)
Whoa!
We got a cave-in back here.
Aah! Run!
(building continues
grunting viciously)
Climb up. Come on.
-(building laughing)
-(grunts, yelps)
Gooba gabba.
-(all screaming)
-(laughing)
LI'L PETEY:
Leave my papa alone.
Huh?
♪ ♪
Hi, Papa.
No. Li'l Petey, no!
What the... Who's that?
Robo-Cat?
Flippy-ki-yay, Flippy flipper.
-Huh?
Yeah!
(grunting)
(screams)
Gooba gabba!
(groaning)
-SARAH: Whoa.
-(others gasping)
(Li'l Petey screams)
(grunts)
(both gasp)
-(groaning): Gooba gabba.
-Go, go, go, go, go!
No! You can't escape me,
you sniveling little...
Come here!
(singsongy):
Oh, do-gooders.
PETEY:
Li'l Petey!
-(groans) Dog Man?
-(gasps)
-Papa.
-(sighs in relief)
Flippy is coming this way!
-FLIPPY: Oh, Robo-Cat.
-(all gasp)
Come out and play.
Everybody, clear out.
You'll never get away,
Robo-Cat.
Come on. Let's go.
I'll hunt you down
to my last breath.
What are you waiting for?
I'll never stop
till you're dead, Robo-Cat!
You better run, Papa.
It's me he wants.
-FLIPPY: Robo-Cat.
-(distant explosion)
Oh, Robo-Cat.
PETEY:
Take him, Dog Man.
I'll create a distraction
and stall the fish.
Papa, wait.
Li'l Petey,
if something happens to me,
just try to be evil and stuff
and do the wrong thing.
-For me.
-FLIPPY: Robo-Cat.
But, Papa,
Flippy's gonna destroy you.
I'll be okay, kid.
He's only after do-gooders.
And I'm no do-gooder.
(Flippy laughing)
(all scream)
FLIPPY:
Ah, Robo-Cat. There you are.
Go on, get out.
I want all you losers
out of here now.
Let's take cover in here.
Well, if it isn't
the mighty Robo-Cat.
(Flippy laughs)
Oh. Oh, you're much cuter
from a distance.
Can I say that? Do you mind?
'Cause up close,
you kind of look old and sad
and like you might have
unresolved daddy issues.
(mocking):
"Oh, Daddy, did you love me?"
No, he didn't! Oh, well.
Come along now.
Time to die. (laughs)
Papa.
Well, that's out of our hands.
-Nothing we can do about it.
-(barking)
-Good idea.
-Wait, what?
(laughs) Now, how should I
get rid of this guy?
Tar pits? Nah.
Too slow and boring.
Explosives & Things? No.
Too fast and pedestrian.
(gasps)
Ooh. You, Robo-Cat,
are going in that volcano.
Then I'll take care of all
your dumb do-gooder friends.
How's that? (laughs)
You're right, Dog Man. There's
always something you can do.
(barks)
(horn blasts)
(horn blasting)
Wait a minute.
I-I'm so confused.
-About what?
-Look.
Dog Man and Petey
saved Li'l Petey.
And then Li'l Petey saved
Dog Man and Petey.
And then Petey saved
Li'l Petey and Dog Man.
Now Dog Man and Li'l Petey
are saving Petey.
I got one question:
Who's the hero?
All of 'em, Chief. All of 'em.
♪ ♪
This is how it's gonna work.
As soon as he reaches
10,000 feet...
-(whimpers)
-...he drops into the volcano.
-(laughs) Brilliant.
-(Dog Man barking)
(groans)
♪ ♪
-(bird screeching)
-(growls)
(gasps)
(groans)
(growls)
(both growling)
-FLIPPY: What? Oy. Aah! Oh!
-(Dog Man barking)
What you doing?
What? Uh, well...
(scoffs, groans)
I'm very busy destroying
this Robo-Cat, actually.
-Why?
-'Cause he's a jerk.
-'Cause he's trying to stop me.
-Why? -'Cause I want
to destroy the city.
-Why?
-Because I want to.
-Because.
All right? Because I was...
I was mad.
-Why?
-Because.
'Cause...
Because no one likes me,
do they?
-Why?
-I don't know.
You tell me.
No one's ever liked me.
Even back when
I was in the school.
(whimpering):
All the other fish,
they used to call me...
(sniffles)
Fatty Fish Face.
Imagine that.
Fatty Fish Face! (whimpers)
LI'L PETEY:
Maybe, Flippy...
Maybe you just need a friend.
Oh, yeah.
I got something
that'll cheer you up.
(scoffs) What's that?
Your manifesto?
I made you a book.
Do you want to read it?
(sighs)
Yeah, okay. Sure.
(yelps, whimpers)
LI'L PETEY: "Flippy and me
flew up to a star.
"They had a swing set,
so we swinged on it.
"I fell off,
but Flippy saved me.
"Flippy and me
went under the sea.
"Then we ate five soups.
The end."
Did you like it?
(whimpers)
(sobbing)
Oh, you poor little thing.
(shushing) There, there, now.
Oh, no. My powers.
My evil powers--
they're fading.
-Isn't that good?
-Not for Robo-Cat.
PETEY:
N-N-No! Wait! Don't!
BOTH:
Oh, no.
Dog Man. Dog Man?
(screaming)
(whimpers)
(distorted gasping)
Whoa! (screams)
(howls)
(Flippy chuckles, sighs)
(screams, sighs)
Good job, 80HD.
(beeps)
-(groaning in disgust)
-LI'L PETEY: Papa!
Li'l Petey!
-(horn blasts)
-(gasps)
-What?
-(yelps)
(chief imitating siren)
There they are. Step on it.
(tires squealing)
(grunts)
This is Sarah Hatoff
on the scene
as the chief arrests
Flippy the Fish.
♪ ♪
Oh.
Flippy the Fish,
I hereby arrest you
for the following things.
Yeah, yeah,
no need to list it all.
I'm familiar.
SARAH:
Hey, Chief.
-Smile.
-Oh.
Well done, Dog Man. You did it.
Well, go on, arrest him.
(vehicle approaches,
door opens)
-Dog Man, wh-what are you...
-MAYOR: Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What are you doing?
The governor saw
the whole thing.
Petey's been pardoned
for being a do-gooder.
Wait. "Cerealously"?
And I'm not just saying that
because it's an election year.
(laughs) Where are the cameras?
(chuckles)
(sighs) Okay.
Well, Petey,
looks like you turned out
to be a do-gooder after all.
-Do-gooder?
-Can it, fish!
-He's a do-gooder!
-(cheering)
All right, stop!
Stop calling me a do-gooder.
I'm not a do-gooder.
I'm not, see?
I'm mean. I'm selfish.
And I... I just want
everything for myself.
Which...
which includes Li'l Petey.
Come on, Li'l Petey.
(Dog Man grunts softly)
Okay, Papa.
Well, this is goodbye.
Say goodbye.
Goodbye, Dog Man.
(whimpers)
Well, hey, how about
a celebration, huh?
Let's all go back
to the station,
completely ignoring the fact
that half the city
is destroyed.
-(explosions)
-(people screaming)
Come on, boo.
(tires squealing)
-Hey, that's Grampa.
-Whoa.
-(Grampa cackling)
-PETEY: What?
LI'L PETEY:
Where's he going?
Where'd he get that truck?
Beats me.
(gasps)
LI'L PETEY:
Where's all our stuff?
PETEY:
Not again.
(sniffling)
He took everything,
but he didn't want my comics?
(sighs)
Kid, it's not you.
Some people just won't change.
(doorbell rings)
PETEY:
"Undo"?
♪ ♪
Never.
Let's go. We can't stay here.
(insects chirring)
You were right, Papa.
-About what?
-The world.
It's nothing but mud puddles
and pollution
and weeds.
Look. Even the weeds are dying.
Hmm.
-Hey, kid.
-What?
Look up.
You want to know something,
kid?
What, Papa?
This world has
a lot of problems,
but it can never be
a horrible place.
'Cause you're in it.
Hey, Papa?
So is Dog Man.
(playing half-heartedly)
(clock ticking)
-(knocking)
-(whines)
Hey, Dog Man.
(whines)
Look, I know we're archrivals
and all, but, uh, I...
I was thinking.
Maybe Li'l Petey could stay
with you sometimes?
Ruff, ruff.
(gasps, howls)
(panting)
LI'L PETEY:
Yay!
(Li'l Petey giggling)
Oh, yeah. We got you something.
(gasps)
-(barking excitedly)
-PETEY: No.
Not the mouth. (spits) Get off!
(groans) Stop. Get off
before I change my mind.
Come on, Papa.
Let's have some fun.
Nah, you guys go ahead.
I'm gonna go back to the lab
and start over, I guess.
-But...
-I'll be fine.
Night.
("Love Is a Verb" by John Mayer
playing)
-♪ Love is a verb ♪
-(growling)
-(barking)
-(giggles)
Ruff, ruff, ruff, ruff, ruff.
♪ It ain't a thing ♪
♪ It's not something you hold ♪
♪ It's not something
you scream ♪
♪ When you show me love ♪
♪ I don't need your words ♪
-(barking)
-Ruff, ruff, ruff, ruff.
-(howling)
-(laughs)
-(both howling)
-♪ Yeah, love ain't a thing ♪
(Dog Man continues howling)
♪ Love is a verb ♪
Everybody howl! (howls)
(howls)
(howling)
(others howling in distance)
♪ Love ain't a thing ♪
♪ Love is a verb. ♪
-(chief imitating siren)
-(song ends)
Everybody, look out!
There's one more building
on the loose.
(heavy footsteps approaching)
♪ ♪
Gooba gabba.
(electronic dance music
playing)
ALL:
Hooray!
♪ ♪
(music stops)
("Supa Good!!!" By Yung Gravy
feat. James Brown playing)
-♪ Wow! I feel good ♪
-♪ Uh ♪
♪ Supa fly, supa good ♪
♪ Shoulda, coulda,
knew I would ♪
♪ Supa fly, supa fresh ♪
♪ Ask your mama,
she's impressed ♪
♪ Supa fire, supa cold ♪
♪ Supa mean, supa nice ♪
♪ Supa clean,
yeah, you know we're ♪
-♪ So good, so good ♪
-♪ Yeah, we're always ♪
-♪ So good, baby ♪
-♪ I got you ♪
♪ Wow! I feel good ♪
♪ So locked in
that the key gone, hey ♪
♪ In my bag
like I'm Frito-Lay ♪
♪ Crispy, golden
crème brûlée, rare ♪
♪ Like a T-bone steak ♪
♪ I'm good, mm-hmm ♪
♪ I'm good, I'm good,
uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
♪ I'm great, I'm great ♪
♪ I'm better than okay ♪
♪ I'm like, ooh ♪
♪ Sometimes it takes two ♪
♪ Never lack
at anything we do ♪
♪ That's my crew, I got it ♪
♪ You got it, we got it ♪
-♪ Yeah, you know we're ♪
-♪ So good ♪
-♪ Yeah, we're always ♪
-♪ So good, baby ♪
-♪ I got you ♪
♪ Wow! I feel good ♪
♪ Supa fly, supa good ♪
♪ Shoulda, coulda,
knew I would ♪
♪ Supa fly, supa fresh ♪
♪ Ask your mama,
she's impressed ♪
♪ Supa fire, supa cold ♪
♪ Supa mean, supa nice ♪
♪ Supa clean,
yeah, you know we're ♪
-♪ So good, so good ♪
-♪ Yeah, we're always ♪
-♪ So good ♪
-♪ I got you ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
(song ends)
♪ ♪
(music ends)